Added Known issue (encryption) (#4546)
owncloud/docs: modules/ROOT/pages/server_release_notes.adoc

When updating an existing instance to ownCloud 10.9, you may experience that the marketplace is not accessible via ownCloud and contents is not shown. If you have this issue, see the following link for details and a https://github.com/owncloud/core/issues/39616#issuecomment-1001490469[procedure how to solve] this.

> When an encrypted file gets overwritten by a share recipient, the file gets corrupted. This means, that the latests changes will be lost. If  https://doc.owncloud.com/server/next/admin_manual/configuration/files/file_versioning.html[Files Versions] was enabled, you can restore the previous version. This occurs only if https://doc.owncloud.com/server/next/admin_manual/configuration/files/encryption/[encryption] is enabled. If you use encryption, we recommend not to update to ownCloud 10.9.0 but wait until 10.9.1 will be released in early January 2022. https://github.com/owncloud/core/pull/39623[Find here more technical details on the issue]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you use encryption, we recommend _not to update_ to ownCloud 10.9.0 but wait until 10.9.1 will be released in early January 2022. Following issue can occur: If you have an encrypted file which is shared, the file gets corrupted if the share recipient overwrites that file. This means, that the latests changes will be lost. If  https://doc.owncloud.com/server/next/admin_manual/configuration/files/file_versioning.html[Files Versions] has been enabled, you can restore the previous version. The issue has been resolved already and will be available with the next patch release. See the following link for https://github.com/owncloud/core/pull/39623[more technical details].
```
